cli: enable `constellation apply` to create new clusters (#2549)
edgelesssys/constellation: docs/docs/getting-started/first-steps.md

    :::

    ```bash
    constellation apply -y
    ```

    This should look similar to the following:

    ```shell-session
    $ constellation apply -y
    Checking for infrastructure changes
    The following Constellation cluster will be created:

>       3 control-plane node of type n2d-standard-4 will be created.
>       2 worker node of type n2d-standard-4 will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      3 control-plane nodes of type n2d-standard-4 will be created.
      1 worker node of type n2d-standard-4 will be created.
```
